Cody Krull


# Final Project
I really hate to admit defeat, but I'm going to have to call my project here. I'm sad I was unable to get my project working considering how much time I put into it. I mean, compared to others I know it looks like hardly anything, but I had a number of issues that threw a wrench into everything. I'm pretty ashamed by the state of it all, but I must face the reality of the situation

## Timeline
Starting back on November 26th and 27th I began to conceptualize the idea I had, wanting to create a brick breaker game. Being a bit behind I caught up on the Chapter 12 material and went over it numerous times. By December 3rd I had all of my objects drawn and moving, but here is where the complications started to set in. Going off of the material in Chapter 12 regarding objects interacting I was originally writing my code in the style of Mr. Musick (using classes), which did not contain multiple objects that weren't arrays and also did not include functions within object functions. Once I had everything drawn I looked at Shiffman's videos on chapter 12 under the title "Shiffman on Stuff". Now half of his videos on that page are using classes, while the other half are using functions. I began to apply the knowledge in the first two videos "Mouse interactions with objects" and "removing objects from arrays" to my projects and objects. I was having great difficulty getting this to be successful and scoured over the internet on countless github examples and videos for a solid week. I even was messaging my fellow classmate Erin for pointers every other day. Her code also looked completely different than mine? Watching the last two videos I tried to apply Shiffman's checking object intersection code to my code, but was very confused and was having a great difficulty with it. I felt like I was missing something, as if I had completely missed a lesson, but how could that be? I went over Mr. Musick's guides and watched Shiffman's videos, what was I missing?

Then on December 9th in the afternoon I realized what the problem was. Shiffman had been using functions instead of constructors on the last two videos. I looked for calling functions in the way Shiffman did through the entire course material and never had seen the way he did it so that it would allow for calling objects to intercept and create an outcome using true or false. This brought me to having to convert all of my code to the new system. Originally trying to line it up with copy and paste didn't work, I kept getting errors and nothing would post, even after tweaking for a number of hours. This led me to rewrite my code and trying to enter in similar variables since the whole piece was essentially charted out and just need object interactions.  I'm not sure if my previous code was just too messy, or what the issue was, but every time I'd try to make objects interact I'd get an error, or my entire brick array would disappear. I spent 12 hours of December 12th trying numerous different combinations, moving brackets etc. with no avail. I even tried to find more examples of code to try different ways and still couldn't find something that would work( accidentally having my brick.intersect function under the wrong object for hours didn't help either). Up until the 11:30pm mark on December 10 I had to call it. I'd work through the morning if I could, but I have work at 7:00am, so I just have to call it.

## Successes and Failures
On my successes and failures it's quite hard to look at anything other than the failures; however I will do my best. My successes really came in the small amount of joy I'd get when something would post properly, especially when I was trying to convert all of my code. Even though the design is simple I do like the way my original sketch looks, it basically feels like a game I've seen before, however unfortunately it obviously doesn't play. I also am happy to see that the paddle works in the original version in the most ridiculous way possible.

My failures are silly, but many. I'd say my biggest one though is that I didn't reach out to the issues forum when I had the chance. Struggling for so long trying to get it running and then asking my friend without having code to look over was my downfall. Anyone could have looked at my code and probably told me exactly what the problem was. I wanted to do it on my own, and was confident I could figure it out as I slowly kept creeping to the solutions of my problems. Every little success feeling like I was almost there. By the time I had to admit I couldn't figure out what was wrong with my code it was much too late to ask anyone on the forum for help. The time between 9:00 and 11:30pm was when the solutions had completely stopped and the reality of the situation gave way; I was stuck. The biggest issue I kept running into by the end was the array of bricks and it's interaction with the ball, either my entire array would disappear, only the beginning  portion would appear, and the ball would freeze and error out before it even hit the bricks. Every tweak I gave it would error and with that I can no longer chip away.



## The Product
The product is unfinished as it shows. I will be posting the version where it errors out with the interaction and I will be posting the version that has no interaction at all, but shows the original code I written before converting it to use functions. Though I expect to receive a complete failing grade for the project and in turn the class I couldn't help but at least show that I tried. I'm sorry for the long winded writings, and the incomplete project. I hope to do better next time.

Animation https://codykrull.github.io/120-work/finalproject/
Animation https://codykrull.github.io/120-work/finalproject-original/
